Updated 2.0 Docs on Fixing Incomplete Rules (#6917)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/policies.mdx

   further information.
* `check_for_contradictions` (default: `true`):
   Before training, the RulePolicy will perform a check to make sure that
   slots and active loops set by actions are defined consistently for all rules.

>    The following snippet is an example of an incomplete rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following snippet contains an example of an incomplete rule:
```

   In the second `incomplete rule`, `action_search_venues` should set
   the `venues` slot because it is set in `complete rule`, but this event is missing.
   There are several possible ways to fix this rule.

   In the case when `action_search_venues` can't find
   a venue and the `venues` slot should not be set,
   you should explicitly set the value of the slot to `null`.
   The following story `RulePolicy` will predict `utter_venues_not_found`

>    only if the slot `venues` is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   only if the slot `venues` is not set:
```

     - action: utter_venues_not_found
   ```

>    If you want to deal with slot setting in a different rule or story,
>    you should add `wait_for_user_input: false` to the end of the rule snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want the slot setting to be handled by a different rule or story,
   you should add `wait_for_user_input: false` to the end of the rule snippet:
```
